Great. We're on to the last step of discreet planning, graph search.
Graph search is used to find a finite sequence of
discrete actions to connect a start state to a goal state.
It does so by searching.
Visiting states sequentially asking every state,
"Hey, are you the goal state?"
As a human, you may find it easy to pick out a solution to search problem
when the search problem is two-dimensional and
manageable in size. For instance, this one.
However, a computer must conduct the search manually.
It goes through node by node and doesn't see
the goal node until it is one node away, like so.
As the size of the space grows and dimensions are added,
the problem naturally becomes less trivial.
It becomes imperative to choose the appropriate algorithm
for the task to achieve satisfactory results.
There are two different types of search algorithms; informed and uninformed.
Uninformed algorithms search blindly.
They're not given any contextual information about how close they are to
the goal or how much of an effect every consequent action has.
Informed searches, on the other hand,
can guide the search algorithm to make more intelligent decisions,
ideally, getting them to the goal faster.
By the end of the section,
you'll be able to apply several different graph search algorithms
and in the following lab,
you will have the opportunity to implement one of the algorithms in C++.